README.md, before:

# shopped-vue

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
pnpm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
pnpm dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
pnpm build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
pnpm test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)

```sh
# Install browsers for the first run
npx playwright install

# When testing on CI, must build the project first
pnpm build

# Runs the end-to-end tests
pnpm test:e2e
# Runs the tests only on Chromium
pnpm test:e2e --project=chromium
# Runs the tests of a specific file
pnpm test:e2e tests/example.spec.ts
# Runs the tests in debug mode
pnpm test:e2e --debug
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
pnpm lint
```

Commit message:

feat: Readme.md describes project

README.md, after:

# shopped-vue

A neighborhood shop for everybody.

## Application description

This project is intended to be an application to help small shops to manage their sales. Shopped it was conceived as a web application that allows the users (store employees) manage their sales with the customers, as well have a register of their sales and of their customers, customers debts across multiple shops.

## Applications stack

The application is build with Vite. The interface is made with Vue.js.
All the project uses TypeScript as main programming language and use pnpm as package manager.
Tests are made with Vitest and Playwright.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).


## Project Setup

```sh
pnpm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
pnpm dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
pnpm build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
pnpm test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)

```sh
# Install browsers for the first run
npx playwright install

# When testing on CI, must build the project first
pnpm build

# Runs the end-to-end tests
pnpm test:e2e
# Runs the tests only on Chromium
pnpm test:e2e --project=chromium
# Runs the tests of a specific file
pnpm test:e2e tests/example.spec.ts
# Runs the tests in debug mode
pnpm test:e2e --debug
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
pnpm lint
```
